♪ ♪
- [door opens]
- [Maddie] Hey.
Hey. you're home early.
How was book club?
Stacy and Monica
had too much rosé.
They got in an argument and
I had to drive them both home.
[laughs] Both of them?
Yeah. they drove together. so...
You guys ever talk about
books in this book club?
Oh. yeah. the argument
was about the book.
Hey. what's that?
Uh. these are
the final selections
for the new captain for the 118.
They narrowed it down
to these three.
and Chief wanted me to weigh in.
They're all pretty impressive.
Do you have a favorite?
It's hard to say.
Good.
I think you're missing one.
What about that guy?
Maddie. it can't be me.
Why not?
Chief Simpson
offered you the position.
You've been doing it for months.
and pretty successfully.
from what I can tell.
I already told him
that I didn't want it.
Aha. But now you do.
Call him and tell him
that you changed your mind.
Did I change my mind.
or am I just looking at
three strangers who don't
really compare to Bobby?
Okay.
Forget about what you want.
What do you think
the team wants?
I don't know.
It's one thing
to be interim captain.
but to make it official...
What if things change?
What if they resent me
for thinking
I could take Bobby's place?
Hey. no one can
take Bobby's place.
But maybe you've
earned your own place.
You really think that's how
the 118 would feel about it?
Yeah. I do.
Because you're family.
- [Libby] Okay. so aunts Sheila. Rita and Jackie.
- [Austin] Uh-huh.
Uncles Billy. Barnabas.
Robbie and Dave.
- And Dermott.
- Aw. damn it.
Wait. which is the bald one?
Most of them.
Babe. it's not the GRE.
My family's gonna love you.
- How do you know that?
- Because
I love you.
But. fair warning.
the Millers can
be a tad bit competitive.
You just tell me this now?
I'm an Enneagram nine. babe.
I can't handle conflict.
I didn't want to scare you. Pop.
Finally. The famous Libby.
Hi. Thank you so much
for having me. Mr. Miller.
Oh. please call me Gus.
Mr. Miller's my father's name.
I'm Jeanie.
But you can call me Mom.
I brought potato salad.
Ooh.
Vinegar based.
I'll put this on the table
- next to mine.
- [Dermott] Incoming!
- Oh!
- [Dermott laughs]
I'm guessing from
those noodle arms
that you're still a medium.
Uncle Dermott. right?
And cousin Raelynn?
She's good.
Don't worry. girl.
You'll get one of these
when you get one of these.
- But no pressure.
- [Dermott laughs]
[Raelynn]
Did Austin tell you
about when I owned him
at cornhole
and he cried like a bitch?
I cried like a regular person.
[laughs]
Easy. folks.
Let's handle this Miller style.
What's "Miller style"?
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[Dermott]
Come on. Libster.
Your last chance
to join the winning team!
Oh. no. no. it's okay.
I'll just watch.
You can't watch.
It's tug-of-war.
[Austin] Hey. she's
a conscientious objector.
It's fine. Libby. Really.
On three!
One. two. tug!
[all straining]
[laughs]
[straining continues]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
- [yells]
- [laughs]
Come on. Dad!
[straining continues]
[indistinct chatter]
[yelling]
[choking]
[coughs]
- [yelling continues]
- Yes!
[Libby grunts]
[coughs]
Are you guys okay?
- [groans]
- [screams]
- My fingers!
Can anybody dial 911?!
You guys ever
been to a family reunion?
I did once. My Uncle Tito
tried to sell me a timeshare.
See. Chim.
doesn't that sound fun?
We should
do something like that.
Have you met our family?
[moaning] Oh. God.
There's more this way.
A lot more.
Has anyone seen my fingers?
Has anyone seen my ring?
All right. dispatch. we're
gonna need more R.A. units.
Bowman. I need
some saline and gauze.
And morphine.
I've seen this before.
In Afghanistan?
Boy Scout Jamboree.
Please. I can't stay like this.
A surgeon should be able
to attend to this. okay?
Assuming that we can
find all your digits
and match them to your hand.
All right. everybody.
watch your step.
[Buck]
I got one.
Uh. who had a French tip?
Thank God. That's me.
Hey. Buck. give me the finger.
- You need ice?
- Yeah. and lots of it.
One bag per person.
We're gonna have
to send everybody
to different trauma centers.
I got two more.
I don't think this is you.
- I got some ice.
- Perfect. Thank you.
And I found these
over by the picnic table.
Babe. do they look familiar?
That's my thumb.
I got dibs on the other one.
Sir. it's not
first come. first served.
[Buck]
Another French tip.
[Hen] Another one for Jeanie.
[Chimney] Jeanie.
Does everybody
have their fingers?
[Raelynn]
I'm still missing
my ring finger... and my ring.
Whoa! I got you.
Think that's vasovagal?
Maybe. or maybe
it's just the pain.
We should get her
to the hospital.
No. I'm getting married.
I need my ring finger.
Okay. we'll keep looking for it.
okay? I promise.
Okay? Just. here. I promise.
[Libby]
Wait. Raelynn!
- It rolled under the grill.
- [gasps]
Luckily. your ring's
a real sparkler.
I can see why Austin loves you.
Come on.
Still want to do
one of these with our families?
You know. maybe every third
Christmas is enough.
Scoop of protein powder
in a diet soda. [kisses]
Tastes like a root beer float.
but with gains.
Sounds good. I'm in.
Hen. what do you think?
[groans]
I think I'm getting a rash just
thinking about it.
Oof. Looks allergic.
Did we switch
glove brands or something?
No. nitrile. same as always.
You should try beef tallow.
Super hydrating.
And smell like jerky all day?
No. thanks.
I'll just take an antihistamine.
Hey. team. A word?
What's up. Cap?
I just wanted to take a moment
to. uh. commend you all.
Okay. On what?
On an excellent shift.
And all of your...
commendable excellence
in the field.
I just want to say
that it's an honor and a gift
to lead this team.
you know? That's all.
All right.
Okay. what was that?
Is he retiring or something?
I think he was trying
to be inspirational?
Let's get out of here
before he does that again.
[knocking on door]
Hey. Harry.
I just got this.
This is from the LAFD.
Yes. I... I got accepted.
Well. not accepted.
Invited. Invited to take the
tests to see if I get accepted.
Were they recruiting
at your high school?
What? No. I...
I dropped out of high school.
Wait. you dropped out
of high school?
When?
When I turned 18.
Well. does your mom know?
- Yeah.
- And she's okay with this?
[chuckles] Uh. no.
Okay. And when did you
apply to the fire academy?
Well. the day after you let me
- ride along with you on the rig.
- Oh. God.
That's what I was afraid of.
Okay. is your mom mad at me?
Your name never even came up.
Even once this letter arrived?
She doesn't know
about the letter.
Okay. I'm starting
to feel like an accomplice
to a crime
I didn't commit. Harry.
No. I'm not hiding
anything... exactly.
I-I just...
it's really complicated
with my mom right now.
And it's not
like there's anything to tell.
I mean. this letter
doesn't mean I'll be accepted.
Right. it just says
you've been invited to take
the CPAT and do the interviews.
So. if I get accepted.
I will tell her.
I will tell everybody.
But right now. it's just
really important to me
that I do this totally
and completely on my own.
So why tell me?
Because I need your help.
Does she have
any health conditions
that might've caused this?
[Cynthia]
There's a pill bottle.
I think she took them.
How many pills did she take?
All of them.
[siren wailing]
Dispatch. this is 727-L-30.
First on the scene.
Approaching the entrance.
[dispatcher]
727-L-30. copy that.
LAFD en route.
LAPD! Entering now!
[Cynthia]
Alicia.
Alicia. Baby. please.
Ma'am. do you know
what she took?
- No.
- Okay. Tilt her head back.
Put her on her side.
Come on. Come back.
Come on. baby.
Come back. Come back.
May. wake up. wake up.
wake up. wake up.
Come back. Come on. come on.
Come on. come on. come on.
come on. come on. Wake up!
[crying] Alicia. Alicia.
Alicia?
You're back. You're back.
Back?
What?
[firefighter]
LAFD!
In here!
Thank you.
They're gonna
take good care of you.
Mommy's right here. baby.
It's okay.
The messages started
about six months ago.
At first. they were generic.
"You're stupid." "You're ugly."
But then they got worse.
[Alicia]
I notified her school
and her guidance counselor.
and they said
there was nothing they could do.
It's been awful.
You mind if I take a look?
[Cynthia]
Those last messages. she got
just this morning. before she...
[Alicia]
That came before I literally
- got out of bed.
- These messages
aren't just some strangers.
That's what makes it so scary.
It has to be
somebody that she knows.
Do you have any suspicions
who it might be?
Nothing I can prove.
But... I do know
that she's friends
with a bunch of mean girls.
[Alicia] I just stopped
hanging out with them.
I don't know who
I can trust anymore.
You can trust me. baby.
We go through everything
together.
You don't have
to do this on your own.
I'm a mother.
I've been where you are.
I'm gonna find out who did this.
and they're
gonna be sorry when I do.
You have my word on that.
Kelsey?
I'm Dr. Brett.
I'll be doing your scan.
What brings you to Luna?
Today's my birthday.
I thought this would be
a fun little gift to myself.
But I'm starting to realize
a full-body elective CT
was a weird way
to spend my 40th.
There's no greater gift
than peace of mind.
Everything okay?
Yeah. I just didn't realize
there were needles involved.
Oh. it's a simple imaging dye.
Helps us get glamor shots
of your beautiful organs.
Now you'll feel a slight chill
as I push this fluid.
and there should be a taste.
[groans] It's like
I'm eating pennies.
Totally normal.
Now. lay back.
let your mind drift
and relax.
[light classical music playing]
[machine whirring]
- [door closes]
- [whirring continues]
[exhales slowly]
I... I feel
really weird.
The lorazepam
will kick in any second.
[clears throat]
[phone rings]
Hi. Luna Medical Spa.
[gasping]
Well. for that.
I'd recommend a luminary package
which comes with...
...four yearly scans and...
♪ ♪
Great. Okay.
Scan soon. stay in tune.
All right.
All right. You get a gold star
for holding still.
[raspy gasping]
Kelsey?
Oh. my God.
[Buck]
Whoa.
This is a doctor's office?
Looks like a spa.
It's a little bit of both.
Recreational imaging
with complimentary coffee.
[Chimney] Are you
the one who's in charge?
How long has she been down?
I'm not sure. The scan
takes about. uh. 30 minutes.
Okay. Buck. switch with him.
Hen. you're on airway.
- Eddie. defib.
- [Buck] I got it.
[device beeping]
Barely getting
a pulse here. Cap.
What did she come in here for?
Uh. labs. EKG.
- ECG...
- Uh. checking her airway.
...chest X-ray. full-body MRI.
CT scan and genetic screening.
She got the
"peace of mind" package.
Airway's closed.
Grabbing a bougie.
Did you give her epi?
No. lorazepam.
Probably made it worse.
[Brett]
Made what worse?
[Eddie]
Pushing three mils of epi.
[Hen] I can't get through.
I can't even see her cords.
Constricted airway. hives.
This is anaphylaxis.
This is an allergic reaction.
[Brett] To what?
She was supposed to fast
for six hours.
[monitor flatlining]
Taking over compressions.
Look. she signed a release.
[Chimney] Kelsey Landis.
Family history's blank.
Did you give her contrast dye?
Yeah. that's standard.
Allergy to that's what.
one in a hundred?
This severe. closer
to one in a million.
But it's hereditary.
Okay. pulse check.
[flatlining continues]
Nothing. She's in asystole.
Then shock her.
She's flatlining. Dr. Brett.
We can't shock asystole.
Second round of epi.
Stay with us. Kelsey. Come on.
Pulse check.
[flatlining continues]
Push a third round of epi.
[Buck]
Okay. Come on. Come on!
Switch with me.
♪ ♪
Come on. Come on. Kelsey.
Give me something.
All right. Hen. Pulse check.
[flatlining continues]
She's gone.
You don't get to call it.
I am a doctor.
Of a spa!
All right.
that's three rounds of epi.
Let's get her on the gurney.
We'll send her to.
uh. Saint Ray's.
We'll let them call it there.
H-Hen. Hen.
[panting]
[Buck] Come on.
Hey. are you okay?
Your-your hand. you...
you had a tremor.
Are you diagnosing me?
I'm just trying to help.
Stop. You're not a doctor.
You're a salesman.
You scan people
and credit cards.
The Los Angeles
Fire Department. Every year
thousands apply.
but few are accepted.
Because this is not a job.
It's a calling.
And your journey to becoming
a firefighter starts right here.
Got it. So what do we do first?
["Pump It Up" by Elvis Costello
& the Attractions playing]
First. we do hills.
No quitting. No whining.
If you give me any guff.
I blow this whistle.
you get down.
you give me 50 push-ups.
Give you guff?
[whistle blows]
[groans]
[Buck]
One. two. three...
Candidate Grant.
why is it your dream
to join the LAFD?
I want to make the world
a better place.
- [blows whistle]
- Are you applying to be
a firefighter or Miss Universe?
What is the most essential duty
of a probationary firefighter?
- Putting out fires.
- [whistle blows]
Preparation.
We get over 50 applicants
for every position.
Why should we pick you?
I was born for this.
[blows whistle]
The CPAT consists of
eight events.
You gotta do each one
with 50 pounds on your back.
And you have ten minutes.
20 seconds to complete it.
Drive those knees.
Yeah. there we go.
And hey. take the next right.
- We need groceries.
- Yes. sir!
Okay. you're gonna
knead this dough
for ten minutes.
20 seconds. No breaks.
- I'm making you a pizza?
- You're building grip strength.
Weak grip. you drop your tools.
Want to drop your tools
in the middle of an inferno?
[blows whistle]
One. two...
Again. Again.
Again.
What is your best asset?
Situational awareness.
Got that from my mom.
- What's your worst?
- My hose drag.
Wrong.
[blows whistle]
It's your inexperience.
♪ She's been a bad girl.
she's like a chemical... ♪
Again. Again.
How will you earn the respect
of your fellow firefighters?
I'll show them that
I want this too bad to quit.
I'll never stop working.
Again. Again. Again. Again.
Go!
Again. Again.
Again.
♪ ♪
♪ Out in the fashion show ♪
♪ Down in the bargain bin... ♪
Come on. Harry. You can do this.
Move quick. Let's go. Come on.
♪ Pump it up ♪
♪ Until you can feel it... ♪
There you go.
Quick as you can.
How many battalions
- in the LAFD?
- 14.
Let's go. Harry.
Yeah. You got it. you got it.
- How many stations?
- 136.
Two. three. All right.
Quick steps. There you go.
Come on. fire's burning.
Which station is
the best station?
118.
Hell yeah!
Don't say that
in the interview. though. Whoo!
Come on. And time.
How long was that?
What's it say?
It says you're ready.
- Ooh! Yes!
- [laughs]
[shouts]
[Athena]
"Nice job scoring zero goals."
"Everyone knows u a bop."
Any idea why someone would
text those to Alicia Hughes?
- No clue.
- My daughter doesn't even know
what a "bop" is. Right. Dana?
It's a skank.
How about this one?
"Kill yourself. bitch."
Alicia didn't deserve that.
She's nice. she's pretty.
She's my best friend.
Then why didn't she hear
from you in the hospital?
I honestly
don't know what to say.
I mean. she's
been different lately.
We barely hang out anymore.
When the texts started.
it changed everything.
When did the texts start?
[Lisa]
We had just gotten back
from summer vacation.
doing college apps.
This was gonna be our big
senior year. you know?
Then. at the first
pep rally. boom.
She got a text
from an unknown number.
That must've been scary.
At first it was kind of funny.
Like. "Ooh. you have a stalker."
And then... it got weird.
Then they just kept coming.
Like. thousands of them.
4.012.
Whoever texted them is a sicko.
Or jealous.
She's captain
of the soccer team.
You were cut from varsity.
weren't you?
- Yes. but...
- No. don't answer that.
The whole school knows Alicia.
The soccer team. yearbook club.
Band kids. lax bros.
Skaters. vapers.
stoners. loners.
Alicia got super paranoid.
She started pointing
fingers at everyone.
Bailey started
to think that Alicia
was texting herself
to get attention.
Who's Bailey?
Alicia's best friend.
I thought you were
her best friend.
[Dana]
Bailey came first.
I mean. they've been like
twins since the fifth grade.
They were inseparable.
They even applied
to all the same colleges.
And then what happened?
Alicia became unhinged.
Started making accusations.
Bailey didn't like that.
She's kinda...
Prickly.
Salty.
She's a total bitch.
Bailey Thompson?
- Yeah?
- I was hoping
to talk to you
about a friend of yours.
Alicia Hughes.
- Not my friend.
- She used to be.
Heard you had a falling-out
over some text messages?
So now she's not just
telling our friends
that I'm a cyberbully.
she's telling the police?
She didn't accuse you.
But you're here.
Which means somebody did.
Great.
You know what? Here.
The code is 9218.
Take a look for yourself.
I'm not your bully.
Must be hard to be accused
of something you didn't do.
I can understand why you'd
cut Alicia
out of your life over it.
What? No. you got it backwards.
Alicia's the one
who went no contact.
One day. we're talking about
decorating our dorm rooms.
and the next.
she won't even look at me.
I still don't get
how she thought it was me.
Is Alicia okay?
I heard she was in the hospital.
She's having a rough time.
Maybe you should
pay her a visit.
I think she could
use a friend right now.
No. no. no. I remembered
you said something
about an Uncle Albert
who had a stroke.
After he got hit by a car.
So not an inherited
medical condition.
Mm.
Um. yeah. it's for a school
project about family history.
Listen. uh. Ma.
I got to meet. uh.
Karen and the kids
and I'm running late.
so... call you tomorrow?
Okay. great. Love you.
[phone vibrating]
[groaning]
[line ringing]
Babe. I'm-I'm so sorry.
I know. I just...
got stuck at work.
No. no. I'm not gonna make it.
Uh. but maybe I'll just.
I'll meet you
back at home later.
What time do you think
you'll get home?
Okay.
See you then.
♪ ♪
When you invited me over for
dinner. I was kind of hoping
- it would be a home-cooked meal.
- I don't know why.
You know how I feel
about cooking these days.
You're grown.
You're welcome to cook for me.
You invited me.
And you're right.
I am grown.
Cheers.
To mother-daughter bonding.
I'm still not used to this.
Drinking wine with my baby girl.
Get used to it. It's happening.
[laughs softly]
Oh!
Oh. Mom. I'm so sorry.
That's okay. No worries.
What is this?
You shouldn't read that.
Somebody sent these messages?
[sighs]
To an 18-year-old girl.
She's being cyberbullied.
She tried to take her own life.
[exhales]
I see. Uh...
♪ ♪
Mom. you know I'm okay. right?
Mm-hmm. Of course I do.
No. I just feel like
I need to say it
because we never
really talk about it.
We've talked about it.
I've talked about it.
but not really to you.
and you've never
talked about it.
Is that why you left this out?
For me to find?
Whenever I think about it.
it just breaks my heart.
That you were in so much
torment. and under my roof.
and I didn't see it.
I'm-I'm so sorry
I let that happen to you. baby.
You know what I think about
when I look back on it?
Not that pain that I was in.
I remember waking up
in that hospital bed
and seeing your face.
And I knew I was gonna be okay.
Because the one person
I needed most in this world
was with me.
Of course I was.
And I always will be.
[Cynthia]
You can trust me. baby.
We go through everything
together.
Oh. my God.
What?
[exhales]
I know who the bully is.
[doorbell rings]
Sergeant Grant.
Uh. did we have a meeting?
No. I thought I'd drop by.
- May I?
- Yeah. Of course.
[Cynthia]
Are there updates in the case?
We questioned
all of Alicia's friends.
It was Bailey. wasn't it?
I don't think it's Bailey.
Oh. How do you know?
Well. I asked Bailey for
her phone and she offered it up
without hesitation.
She probably would have deleted
those messages already. right?
But we're not looking
for the messages.
What do you mean?
How else would you know
who it is?
We subpoenaed Phantom Phone.
the app that the perpetrator
used to text anonymously.
They give us the IP address
that was used
to text the messages.
we trace that I.P. address
back to the phone.
At her school.
there were. um. tons of people
that Alicia used to talk to.
Teachers. coaches...
I'd like to start with you.
♪ ♪
Me?
Our techs can run your data
in a couple of hours.
and then we can move on
to the actual suspects.
Yeah. of course.
I understand. Um...
- I'll go grab it for you.
- Thank you.
[sighs]
[phone ringing. vibrating]
Cynthia?
[doorknob rattles]
I need you to come out.
If you don't. I will come in.
No. no.
Let me go.
You're not getting off
that easy.
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
- Hey.
It was the hose drag. wasn't it?
- No.
- Search and rescue?
No. that went great. too.
Okay. so what happened?
- It was the interview.
- What? No. come on.
We got your answers
to such a great place.
I-I swear. everything
I asked you was regulation.
They-they asked me
the same questions you asked.
Then they asked me
if I had a criminal record.
Okay. that's normal.
You told them you don't. right?
[Harry]
I hit someone.
It was self-defense.
but I took it too far.
Look. you don't have
to explain yourself.
I know you're a good kid.
Why didn't you give me
a heads-up?
We could've prepared for this.
I mean. I-I didn't think
it would come up.
I was underage.
and I didn't even know
that they could see my record.
Well. now they have.
But that doesn't mean
it's the end of the road.
They're gonna do
their due diligence.
But it's not like you
committed arson.
A simple assault is not
gonna keep you from getting in.
They want to speak
to my probation officer.
Okay. there we go. That's great.
The court released me
to my mother's custody.
Huh.
Look. I...
[sighs]
I know she doesn't even want me
doing this in the first place.
I needed to go to her
with a win.
Not another problem
she needed to fix.
No. she's not gonna
see it that way.
I see it that way.
And if I can't accomplish this
on my own terms.
I'm just not gonna do it.
I officially dropped out.
And nobody needs to know
I failed except for you.
No. come on. Harry...
Thank you for everything. Buck.
I'm sorry I wasted your time.
You don't have to do this.
you know.
- I know.
- No one would blame you
if you walked out of here and
never spoke to that woman again.
She's my mother.
But you don't owe her anything.
Let the courts
handle it from here.
I want to know why.
Alicia.
You realize that whatever
she tells you is likely a lie.
But I need to hear it from her.
♪ ♪
[Cynthia]
'Lisha.
I'm so happy to see you. baby.
How could you be happy
to see me?
After everything you did to me?
I did those things for you.
To protect you.
You needed to see how scary
this world can be.
It's not the world. Mom.
It's you.
You're the thing I'm scared of.
[Cynthia]
Don't say that.
I'm your mother.
I've always been there for you.
Remember that.
Remember everything
that I have done for you.
[Alicia]
I will.
[Cynthia]
Good.
Baby.
We are gonna get through this
just like we do everything else.
together.
No. We won't.
I am walking
out of this hospital
and never speaking to you again.
I'm gonna start
my life over without you.
So don't even think about
coming to find me.
Alicia. Alicia. honey. please.
Thank you.
[Harry]
When you said "grab a bite."
I was picturing
something less formal.
Uh. you'll be fine.
Uh. the cheapest item
on this menu
is a whole branzino.
I can't eat a meal
that's looking at me.
We're not here to eat. okay?
Is that the fire chief?
Oh. my God. It is.
Yes. it is.
You're just gonna
talk to him. okay?
You know. Bobby used to get
this little vein
popping in his neck sometimes
when he'd talk about you.
This is why. isn't it?
You're gonna make your case
for why you deserve a shot.
'cause that's
what you want. right?
Harry. I-I know you're only 18
and you've already had
a lot of loss.
so I think you're so afraid
of losing one more thing
that you've decided
you'd rather just walk away.
but I promise you...
...giving it up
is not gonna hurt any less
than having them take it away.
You know. despite
all the vein popping and the...
the driving him crazy.
there is one thing
Bobby would never let me do.
What?
He never let me
give up on myself.
Chief Simpson.
- Buckley.
- Hey.
This is a surprise.
Uh. y-you remember
Harry Grant. sir.
Bobby Nash's stepson?
Indeed.
Good to see you. young man.
- Sir.
- [Buck] Harry actually
just applied to the academy.
Yes. but I was told
Mr. Grant had dropped out.
Am I mistaken?
Uh. no. sir. I was mistaken.
Two years ago. I made a mistake.
I was in a store.
the manager made
some false accusations.
and then he put his hands on me.
And I fought back.
You were justified?
I thought so at the time.
And now?
I'd like to think
I'd find a different way
to handle that situation.
Do you think you deserve
another chance?
I don't know if I deserve one.
but I promise you.
I wouldn't waste it.
I know what
that uniform stands for.
And I promise you.
I-I would not dishonor it.
Well. looks like
my ride is here.
Thank you
for-for hearing me out. sir.
Have a good night.
Monday morning. Candidate Grant.
Report to the training center.
You're giving me another shot?
Let's see what you do with it.
[car door closes]
[Buck laughs]
Okay.
- I can't believe that worked.
- Okay.
- How do you want to celebrate?
- I...
Celebrate what?
Uh. Chim.
W-What are you doing here?
I was just having dinner
with the chief.
Why?
Uh...
[Simpson] The last time
that I stood here before you.
it was to remember
what we had lost.
A fallen hero.
But today. we are here
to celebrate something
that we've gained.
A new captain to lead the 118.
When Firefighter Han
approached me and asked
to be considered for the job.
I had only one thought.
"What the hell
took you so long?"
- [laughter]
- But I think
it was his hesitation.
that sober consideration
that demonstrated he was
the right person for the job.
To lead such brave men and women
is an honor.
It is a burden.
It is a privilege.
And I believe
that Captain Howard Han
- is up for the task.
- [applause]
Go. Cap!
[indistinct chatter]
[May]
You think he'd like it?
I think he would've been
terribly embarrassed.
But secretly.
he would have loved it.
Okay. um.
I don't know if this is
the-the best time
or the worst time to tell you...
You got into the fire academy?
I start Monday.
Harry. that's. uh...
Congratulations.
Really?
Really. I'm proud of you.
Thank you.
Hey. Maybe you guys didn't hear.
but there's a party downstairs.
What is this?
You took an oath.
You get a prize.
A coffee mug?
Rubber axe?
Please tell me
nothing's gonna pop out at me.
♪ ♪
I think we made him speechless.
[laughs softly]
Wait till he sees the rest.
[Hen]
Read the back.
[Chimney] "The 118.
It's not just a number.
It's us."
I promise
I won't let you guys down. okay?
[light jazzy music playing]
- Ooh. You okay?
- [chuckles]
Yeah. I've been a little loopy.
I didn't sleep much last night.
Oh. dreading the swearing in
of your new captain?
I hear he's a terror.
[laughs]
Oh. I can handle him.
Yeah. I'm struggling with
more of like a medical mystery.
[sighs]
I do not miss those.
When you were a nurse.
it was in Pennsylvania. right?
Yeah. Hershey.
You probably saw
a lot of Lyme disease
in that part of the world?
Probably also saw a lot of stuff
that looked like Lyme disease
and probably ended up
being something else?
Why?
We had a patient the other day.
A woman in her 40s.
All the symptoms of Lyme
disease. but she hadn't been
- anywhere east of the Rockies.
- Hmm.
- Fibromyalgia?
- Well. that doesn't have a rash.
I'm thinking maybe mono?
You would've seen swollen
lymph nodes in the neck.
Hmm.
Syphilis?
God no. I mean. also.
that wouldn't explain
her muscle soreness.
Yeah. Unfortunately.
you can't put a CT scan machine
- in the back of an ambulance.
- [laughs] Yeah.
What I wouldn't do
to get my hands on one of those.
♪ ♪
[Brett] Okay. you know
we don't take insurance.
Ooh. one of your few
redeeming qualities.
Though your flat white
in the lobby was pretty good.
I'm paying cash.
You don't want anyone
to know that you're sick.
That's why you're here.
I don't need anybody
asking me questions.
Including you.
So. just run the tests...
and I'll do the rest.
Okay. Firefighter Wilson.
♪ Doctor. doctor... ♪
Welcome to Luna.
♪ You got to help me. please ♪
♪ Doctor. doctor. ♪